docs: Update codegen documentation and screenshots (#28302)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/codegen.md

In the browser go to the URL you wish to test and start clicking around to record your user actions.

![generating user actions](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/assets/13063165/1d4c8f37-8325-4816-a665-d0e95e63f509)

Playwright will record your actions and generate the test code directly in VS Code. You can also generate assertions by choosing one of the icons in the toolbar and then clicking on an element on the page to assert against. The following assertions can be generated:
  * `'assert visibility'` to assert that an element is visible
  * `'assert text'` to assert that an element contains specific text
  * `'assert value'` to assert that an element has a specific value

![generating assertions](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/assets/13063165/d131eb35-b2ca-4bf4-a8ac-88b6e40dcf07)

> Once you are done recording click the **cancel** button or close the browser window. You can then inspect your `test-1.spec.ts` file and see your generated test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are done recording click the **cancel** button or close the browser window. You can then inspect your `test-1.spec.ts` file and manually improve it if needed.
```

Run the `codegen` command and perform actions in the browser window. Playwright will generate the code for the user interactions which you can see in the Playwright Inspector window. Once you have finished recording your test stop the recording and press the **copy** button to copy your generated test into your editor.

With the test generator you can record:

> * User actions by interacting with the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Actions like click or fill by simply interacting with the page
```

> * Assertions by clicking on one of the icons in the toolbar and then clicking on an element on the page to assert against. You can assert:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Assertions by clicking on one of the icons in the toolbar and then clicking on an element on the page to assert against. You can choose:
```
